# Planner App

## Overview
Our application is meant to serve as a manager for your daily life task,homework assignment,and projects. It helps you organize your task and adding due date to it as a reminder.

## Application Functions
This andriod app allows you to sign in using google login or register an account using email and password. You will be able to reset your password if you forgot your password. We have a task and project page which allows you to add task and project and put them on seperate pages. Our app also have a support page including the contanct information and solution to requently asked question.

## Dependencies
  - cupertino_icons: ^1.0.8
  - firebase_auth: ^5.3.1
  - firebase_core: ^3.6.0
  - google_sign_in: ^6.2.1
  - sign_in_button: ^3.2.0
  - google_fonts: ^6.2.1
  - date_time_format: ^2.0.1
  - uuid: ^4.5.1
  - convert: ^3.1.2
  - url_launcher: ^6.3.1

## Contributions
GROUP 6
- Alvi Aziz - TaskPage,ProjecPage, Navigation, Connecting to database, app deployment, Figma
- Usman Sheikh - HomePage, FaceBook Authentication
- Nathan Vazquez - Create and deploy Backend, Create and deploy Database, app deployment, Figma
- XiaoMin Chen - Google and Email Authentication,SupportPage,login/logout/register page,Figma

This Project has some history that was not full imported from a previous repository (as we did not have access to this offical one).

For a list of the previous commits to this project, please refer to the PREVIOUS_COMMITS folder in this repository.
- It has the history in both an XML format taken directly from the source repository, and a more accessible README that was autogenerated from this XML.

## Figma

https://www.figma.com/design/1VMuQVOfNbbZoLQUYBJl8L/Flutter-Mobile-App?node-id=196-1017&t=6o5IDQLicVVMS8oX-1